hello guys today I bring you a new video
and good since the second he recorded today
I've recorded the blocks tutorial
commands the first part but good
like I will not be able to upload today
well I wanted about a video so I've
I was thinking and in the end I was
happened a very good idea that would be me
he had always wanted to put spawn
of sena rubber so that in fact that at
final I did not finish it and I gave it to a
sub not so good so that what
have him and start his channel well so
and well, that's always been dear
put spinners but of course that's
download the two man items and more now
with the new way to install mods that
good to many it costs them then
well I was thinking the other day and I said
Well now with the new command
composed if we do so live motion 137
they will give us a block of commands
So if we want to create a
zombie spammer we are going to do well not
we do not really do that
we put it and we put schümann
zombie
ok we do so we see that it works
we put in and yes because if not it is not going to
expose clear clear it's okay see
now we see that it works
so
this as I would be right now
I can copy any coordinate because
basically I would not agree or this is to
see good let's do it to see me the
I'll point it will sign up the
coordinates and we're going to do what it would be
an exhibit that is continually
generating zombies is not worth it and we're going to
aim less
9 paint the pen is that I forget
always of the
coordinates are worth less 400 does not paint me
to see here minus 452 56 539 voucher
then what we would do would be because if
no zombies are generated right in the
center of the block and they stay here
bogado if it's not cool ok then we would
so minus minus 452 space 56 and 539
ok we give to done we do this and if it is
plan since a zombie is worth we're going to
make time set
so then it's worth now
we would have what this would be and we could
go generating zombies like that in a way
random way and if we will create more
command blocks with more areas where
Spawn as we could generate that
randomly generate one and the other
here it's good, well, here what we
interesting is that it is done automatically
this as the spaces that give us
tumán items then what are we going to do
it's going to be a kind of clock like that
improvised what good if I get it wrong I
I'm inventing it now the watch like this
that if I get it wrong I'm sorry and good
watch would be like that to see what you think is worth
Let's see
that is problem is worth then this
It works like this
there worth study would point here
sorry so
we put a shot here
we put here this like this and what
we put to see here like this and like that and
we put the four tics to each
every one of this would be like that if this
here we are not interested in the truth now that
I think it
ok then it would not be not us
giving the signal I'm sorry to see this is
I would have supposed that I would have to
be like that
it's worth here so this here does not lie this
yes it's worth the active then what we
interesting is that not many
because it would give us a like
awesome then what are we going to
do is going to be going to be the next thing what
we will do this so we will put this here
A) Yes
always with tics because it's not what we
interesting is that it is worth then to know
where spam put the spam site
I have not put here and we see good
we could place more tics even for
that this time to move the
we put it like this like that
but if so
here here it is and well the truth can
take a lot but I see something
quite useful considering that
the ever present as we have
cost as if we said that of
install the too many items good is
a trola gives then we can
generate this species as to expose
for maps that good is a kind like
of a clock that has a lot of delay or
we see that it takes a long time to get there
and the more we place the better and these
are going to continue generating we see that if
we remove this guide will generate another
here when the signal comes you see it
generated one and so it would go
generating a spoiler is worth it and if we place
here zombie because the zombie if we want
do skeleton as we do well skeleton
where
to see what is generated
It is worth and it is generated that a skeleton valley
we could do it in skeletons or
we could simply place in a row
several command blocks here sumo
zombie
it is worth seeing that it is generated
as I did not put coordinates then
is going to be generated here because as
we know if the block gives a signal to this
will generate here but if we put
coordinates on other sites would go
generating worth and then doing this
watch we would basically have what
it would be a good zombie spoiler that is
So we try, but if we do not
interesting will start to put mods and
rare things from tumán items to receive
a spoiler then with this new command
we can do it okay I hope you have
liked the video and nothing that you give to
like if you have any problem or we
it works something you tell me and I already
answer in the comments and nothing
up other goodbye guys